Display message time by swiping left (#1444)
MessageKit/MessageKit: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes missing insets for link preview messages [#1447](https://github.com/MessageKit/MessageKit/pull/1447) by [@bguidolim](https://github.com/bguidolim)

### Added

> - show message time by swiping left over the chat controller. [#718] by @amirpirzad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show message time by swiping left over the chat controller. [#1444](https://github.com/MessageKit/MessageKit/pull/1444) by [@amirpirzad](https://github.com/amirpirzad)
```
